THINGS TO DO:

-Try to fix .env so that it is not shown in server calls and remove from git history all sensitive info
(e.g. const sequelize = new Sequelize('postgres://postgres:***REMOVED***@localhost:5432/narra_payment_history'))
-PAY Paymongo
-PAY Redis
-PAY AUTH0
-PAY STRIPE
-Set up convenience fee
-CSS styling for login and dashboard
-Login.js Real Authentification with backend API Call (Auth0, Firefall)
-Database for users email and password
-Make settings/profile page
-deploy backend on hosting platform (AWS, Heroku, Vercel)
-implement with quickbooks
-work on accounting implementation afterwards



-Run backend server: node server.js
Things to keep note of with server:
    ~ app.post() is set to usd currency, change if necessary
    ~ PaymentForm is connected to backend currently on development port localhost5000,



Things to change for payment:
PaymentForm.js
index.js
Server.js
Billings.js



As of now I have implemented all, including optional infinite scroll, except for deploying the backend to AWS EC2, Sharding, and scalability with AWS RDS for PostgreSQL and update DATABASE_URL (Citus as well for distributed databases) and used asymmetrically signed token for jwt middleware (with jwks-rsa and express-oauth2-jwt-bearer package) and implemented it with this structure, note I did not update the frontend:

backend/
├── server.js                # Main server entry point
├── routes/
│   └── protectedRoutes.js   # Example protected routes
├── middleware/
│   └── authMiddleware.js    # Middleware for token validation
├── config/
│   └── config.js            # Configuration file for Auth0 settings
└── package.json             # Dependencies and scripts

Additionally, to enrure everything runs on one terminal, I used npm-run-all and fixed the scripts section on package.json so that running "npm start" runs frontend, backend, server, and postgreSQL.

Sharding involves partitioning your database across multiple machines. For development purposes, this isn't necessary, but for large-scale applications:

PostgreSQL: Consider using extensions like Citus for distributed databases.
Application-Level Sharding: Implement sharding logic based on client_id or other criteria.
Try to fix .env so that it is not shown in server calls and remove from git history all sensitive info

Deployment Considerations
When deploying to AWS:

Use AWS RDS for PostgreSQL: Managed relational database service.
Use AWS ElastiCache for Redis: Managed Redis service.
Use AWS S3 for Invoice Storage: Store and serve static invoice files.
Containerization: Consider using Docker to containerize your application for easier deployment and scalability.
CI/CD Pipelines: Implement continuous integration and deployment pipelines for automated testing and deployment.

Verify Email Configuration for Sending Bills:

Ensure process.env.EMAIL_USER and process.env.EMAIL_PASSWORD are correctly set in your .env file.
Gmail often blocks unauthorized access; you might need to enable Less Secure App Access or use an App Password.

Fix Tenant Page implementation with Josh's changes

EC2 CD: narra_backend